Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIREN WAILING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SECURITY WANDS ZAPPING)
(METAL DETECTOR BEEPS)
(CHATTER CONTINUES)
(IN RUSSIAN)
(INDISTINCT.
OVERLAPPING CHATTER)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(IN ENGLISH) In English. please.
It is time for the money.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS)
It's all in dollars!
I'm American.
What do you expect?
Rubles don't exactly go
a long way these days.
You have five minutes.
Okay? After that.
I can't promise anything.
Ah. disappear.
(ELECTRONIC CHIRPING)
(LOCK RELEASES)
(CATALYST STRAINS)
(SOFTLY) Come on. Come on.
(MUSIC STOPS)
(APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS)
Hey!
So much for not leaving a trace.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(MAN GROANS)
SYSTEM VOICE: (IN RUSSIAN)
(CATALYST GRUNTS)
(SHOUTS)
(CATALYST GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(IN ENGLISH) Shit.
(BLADES CLINK)
(MAN 3 GROANS)
(CATALYST GRUNTS)
(PANTS)
(ALL GROAN)
(SIGHS)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
CATALYST:
To all my fellow interns.
although we've never met.
I consider you all family.
If you're getting this email.
you. like me.
were raised by the Internship.
(CHURCH BELL TOLLS)
My code name is Catalyst.
And right now you need
to know the following.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
You are not alone.
I don't know how
many there are of us.
We all train to be a part of
a program called the Internship.
And we were left to rot when
the program went down in flames
with our founder. Henry Byrne.
We were taken from our
mothers and fathers as children.
tortured...
WOMAN: Focus.
CATALYST:
...to be better for them.
But we're more than
just killing machines.
especially if we work together.
ANALYST: So guys.
the... the tusks on this guy.
they actually grow from
the bottom instead of the top
because they're from the. uh...
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Just... gimme...
one-- one second.
CATALYST: We all come
from different backgrounds
with different skill sets.
Some of us were forced
to see in the dark.
almost blinded
until we could see things
that others could not.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
CATALYST: Others of us
were pushed past our limits
to be able to accept
severe pain...
and be able to fight even
if we were shot or stabbed.
(CELL PHONE BEEPS)
CATALYST: Others were trained
in sensory deprivation.
taught to survive in
freezing cold or extreme heat.
or go without oxygen
for up to 10 minutes.
(ELECTRONIC CHIRPING)
CATALYST: I am reaching out
over a matter of life or death.
(KEYBOARD KEYS CLACKING)
(KEYBOARD CLACKING RAPIDLY)
CATALYST:
I found a secure location
for us to meet
and determine our next move.
You're in charge.
CATALYST: So. memorize
the information it contains.
They're onto us all.
I'm hoping they'll join me.
We're the only family
we have left.
(CAR ALARM BEEPS)
CATALYST: And we are
so much stronger together
than we are apart.
One more thing.
If you choose not to come here.
then wherever you are.
get the fuck out.
They're coming for you.
(CROWD SCREAMING)
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
(BIRD CAWING)
(REFLECTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(MAN GROANS)
(MUSIC TURNS UPBEAT)
(GUNSHOT)
(SOFT CHUCKLE)
Same team. love.
Who are you?
I'm with Catalyst.
We should probably go.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
We would never do this.
Our two children.
Tell yourself whatever lie
makes you comfortable.
agent Korchenkov.
but the reason we don't have
the Internship
is because our attempt failed.
Are you being serious?
I am always serious.
Our four interns.
they lost their minds
and killed themselves
and killed their handlers.
We had to eradicate
an entire crop of trainees.
What went wrong?
Well.
when the program is destroyed.
we copied every detail.
including the handwritten notes
by Byrne himself.
Well. did she know
where we were?
Don't interrupt me.
Agent Korchenkov.
No matter what we did.
we could not get it right.
And where we felt
the Americans succeeded.
And consequently.
the program has been
activated again.
And my job is...
If we cannot have
our own program.
we shall make damn sure
that the Americans
don't have it either.
And how do I do that? Huh?
Use your imagination.
The intern that did this
is traveling to New York.
New York. Are you sure?
(CHUCKLES) Oh. Quite.
And we have an agent there?
Mm? And more.
Well. we have our sources. Vlad.
and you have your orders.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Yes.
You wanted to see me. sir?
I certainly do. Come on in.
(DOOR CLOSES)
You know Dick Jones.
deputy Director of Operations.
Agent.
Agent Dalton.
You have
the remarkable reputation
of handling extreme situations.
I like that.
It's the reason why
I'm about to put you
right in the middle of one.
Tell me. what have you heard
about the Internship?
Only the basics.
It was started by former
director of operations.
Henry Byrne.
and the program was used to
weaponize children for the CIA
until Byrne went rogue
and it was abandoned.
DICK: The Internship ended
with Byrne's death.
Somehow the Russians found out
about it
and implemented
their own version.
They too had their issues
and eventually
it was abandoned as well.
Yeah.
CHIEF: Less than 48 hours ago.
Intern by the name
of Renee James.
code name Catalyst. showed up
at FSB headquarters in Moscow.
After an absolute shit show.
Catalyst walked out
with sensitive information.
including leads to the location
of the remaining interns.
Hmm. What kind of leads?
CHIEF: Among other things.
list of dark web
email addresses.
We tried contacting
the interns previously.
And what happened?
We never received
a single reply.
The interns went to dark
after Byrne's death.
And they ignored our request
to come in from the cold.
Nobody's heard from them
in all of these years until now.
CIA psychiatrists have examined
Catalyst's psychological
profile.
They think she might be trying
to build a substitute family
for the one she never had.
You mean the one
that was stolen from her?
Nobody likes what was done
to these children.
But we can't have them running
around without any control.
We have to bring these
assets back in house
or shut them down for good.
Can I ask why you want me
for this assignment?
I mean. surely there are better
people suited for this job.
There may be others
with more experience.
but you are uniquely qualified
for this job. agent.
But there are two things
you need to know.
First is.
we believe
there's a Russian mole.
code name. Phantom.
Second. Renee James.
Code name. Catalyst...
is your daughter.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(INTENSE UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(BRAKES SQUEAL)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(IN ROBOTIC VOICE) Come with me
if you want to live.
Seriously?
(IN REGULAR VOICE)
I always wanted to say that.
Get in.
(ENGINE REVVING)
(SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE)
(EASY-LISTENING MUSIC PLAYS
OVER SPEAKERS)
Hello?
Hi.
Oh.
Nelson.
Janice.
Hi.
Wha-- Wha--
What brings you around here?
I'm hungry. And I heard
you make a mean burger.
Yeah. I do.
Something is not right
about this picture.
What? Me doing this?
Come on. You know my story.
I'm fired.
No hearing. no pension.
No. "Thank you
for your service. Nelson."
That's what happens when
you knock your boss on his ass.
(BODY THUDS)
(OBJECTS CLATTER)
Well. that's because
Dick Jones's an asshole
and he had it coming.
Oh. maybe. But did you really
picture yourself
flipping burgers
on a food truck?
Probably not.
You know what?
I find it very therapeutic.
You hungry? Want one?
One's ready.
Yeah. I'll eat.
I'll join you.
Now.
Voila.
Anything wrong
with that picture?
Hmm...
You ever think you could
have handled it differently?
Yeah. sometimes.
And I don't remember how much
of an asshole Dick Jones is
and know that I'd do it again
in a heartbeat.
(CHUCKLES) That's why I am here.
Nelson Beatty can't be bought.
Mm-hmm.
It's a good burger.
I know.
So. keep eating it.
I need someone I can trust.
(DARK MUSIC PLAYING)
Oh. whoa.
Sounds ominous.
Yeah. it is.
Yeah.
I'm not really sure I can trust
anybody in this world anymore.
But somehow. I trust you.
Right.
And there's something
I didn't tell you.
When I was 17.
way before you and me.
I got pregnant
and I wasn't ready to be a mom.
so I gave her up for adoption.
(SIGHS) Wow.
Okay.
And?
And I just found out
who my daughter is.
And I need your help to find her
before the Russians do.
(CHURCH BELL TOLLS)
(PRIEST RECITING PRAYERS)
VLAD: Bless me. father.
for I'm about to sin.
They didn't tell me
you were coming.
They thought I was finished
with the KGB.
VLAD: Finished?
You are never finished with
this kind of obligation. Father.
You should know this by now.
And we are FSB. not KGB.
What is the difference?
Two letters.
I... require assistance.
Men. weapons. vehicles.
May I ask. uh. when?
Today.
This is extremely short notice.
But. uh... we will manage.
I knew you would.
There is a cafe down the street.
Meet me there in 15 minutes.
We will convene
with a man named Uri.
Now give me your blessing.
father.
So we look like good people.
(RECITES PRAYER)
(SIGHS)
(DOOR CHIMES)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
So. what do you know
about the Internship?
(SILVERWARE CLINKING)
Not much.
It was an agency program that
went off the rails years ago.
Got shut down. didn't it?
Yeah. it did.
(EASY-LISTENING MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS)
So. this young girl is...
My daughter.
Sorry.
Uh... (CLEARS THROAT)
...so your daughter is
somehow involved?
It would seem so.
and I have no idea how.
I didn't even know where she was
until 24 hours ago. (SCOFFS)
Look. I was a kid
when I had my kid
and my parents disowned me
and...
I didn't know what to do.
I gave her up for adoption
and joined the army
and they put me through school
and then I ended up in the CIA.
(CLEARS THROAT) Like me.
Like you.
And I'm guessing
your daughter ended up
in the Internship.
Fate is cruel. it would seem.
And now the CIA wants her.
dead or alive. they don't care.
And the Russians want her.
just dead.
And I really need you
to help me find her
before this gets outta hand.
Why would the Russians
want her dead?
It makes sense. Think about it.
I mean. the director said
the Russians tried to start up
their own version of the program
and it went up in flames
and now they're worried
that we're gonna reboot ours.
Right.
Um. all right. (EXHALES SHARPLY)
So. if the Russians are gonna
come here and go after her...
they're gonna send
somebody that's good.
Who?
It's an old friend of mine.
I hope he's a good one.
He's good at his job.
We have had our disagreements
over the years.
Okay. Define disagreements.
NELSON: Okay.
So. the last time
that I saw him...
he was trying to kill me.
(QUIRKY. TENSE MUSIC PLAYS)
(CHUCKLES)
Wonderful.
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
(SILVERWARE CLINKING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(UNEASY DRONE MUSIC PLAYING)
Mm.
(SHARP EXHALE)
Uri was wondering if you could
come back... tomorrow?
(SIGHS. CHUCKLES)
You better go.
He is very busy today.
(CHATTERING INTENSIFIES)
VLAD: I will see you now.
All right. pick him up.
(ARGUES IN RUSSIAN)
(PHONE BUZZES)
VLAD: Moment.
Yes.
LEBEDEV: (OVER PHONE)
Your opposition
is a young CIA analyst.
Janice Dalton.
She turned for help to a former
CIA operative. Nelson Beatty.
She was once his lover.
I know him. We have. uh...
history.
I know you do. You let him live.
Because he does not die easily.
Everybody dies easily.
You didn't try hard enough.
You just need
the right motivation.
I'm sending you
with the coordinates
where the intern.
Catalyst. can be found.
How do you know that?
LEBEDEV: This is needs-to-know
and I am the only one
who needs to know.
Now. get on with your work.
(PHONE DISCONNECTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Greetings and salutations.
"Greeting and salutations"?
It's from Charlotte's Web.
idiot.
And you would know that. right?
Because you're what. 11?
I don't know.
I think it was endearing.
I like Charlotte's Web.
CALIBER: I'm sorry.
I didn't know this was gonna be
the children's hour.
APOTHECARY: I'm 18.
And if you get shot. stabbed.
or in any way mutilated
or spindled.
I'm gonna be the best friend
you have. Grumpy.
(SCOFFING) Oh my God.
CATALYST: (CLEARS THROAT)
Hi. guys.
Thank you for being here.
really.
If you haven't already met her.
Apothecary. meet everyone.
Everyone. meet Apothecary.
What's up?
(CALIBER SCOFFS)
So this is Rubicon.
Cheers.
Dagger.
Bonsoir.
(CALIBER LAUGHS)
Why'd you bring a knife
to a gun fight. girl?
I have no problem with guns.
but sometime. a knife
has an advantage.
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
Would you like to see that
again? (SMOOCHES)
(FALTERS)
(CHUCKLES)
Nah. nah. I'm... I'm good.
This is Analyst.
Nice to meet you all.
And I'm Renee.
Who's the big guy?
I'm Caliber...
kid.
Oh.
No one here was ever a kid.
They took away our childhoods.
Remember what
they put us all through?
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
Forced us to fight.
trained us to kill.
It made us what we are today.
So. you know.
we can choose to hide
and mope and pretend
we're something that we're not.
or we can embrace
what we've become
and show the world
what we're capable of.
You guys are like the closest
to a family I'm ever gonna have.
and personally.
I'm really tired of hiding.
What about you?
You've really been practicing
that speech. haven't you?
Yeah.
(CHUCKLES)
(SCOFFS)
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(THUNDER CRACKS)
My own blend. everyone.
Enjoy.
That's delicious.
Thank you.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
(LAUGHS)
Nice slippers. man.
(SCOFFS) They're comfy.
You like anyone?
No.
RENEE: All right. Well. uh.
you guys kind of know
a little bit about me
from my email. so. why don't we
just take this time
to go around the room.
introduce ourselves.
uh. but sparingly.
let's just keep it
to the greatest hits.
Okay. Yeah. I'll go first.
My name's Julie.
Code name. Apothecary.
I grew up mostly in New York.
I think I'm Jewish.
I don't know how old I was when
I first entered the Internship.
Before it went to hell.
I was working
with the Israeli embassy.
photographing secret documents.
and on their behalf.
I took out a number
of high-level insurgents
using an untraceable herb
that I put in their tea.
Oh. great.
APOTHECARY: Relax.
It wasn't these herbs.
Okay. that's enough of that.
Okay. My name is Chloe.
but I'm called Dagger.
I think I'm French.
I don't know for sure.
I sound like it.
Yeah.
CHLOE: Anyway. after my early
years in the Internship.
I ended up in France.
working for
a French cabinet member
until I was ordered to kill him.
Nice.
Voila. C'est moi.
Once upon a time
I was known as Elliot.
but I've been Rubicon
for a long while now.
My story's
not particularly romantic
or interesting.
Finished most of my training
in Northern Italy.
hence the name Rubicon.
After that. I was working
with a tech billionaire
in the UK.
Taught me a hell of a lot.
Very good man.
Well. wasn't until
he committed suicide.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Apparently.
Apparently?
Well. let's just say
I didn't kill him.
(SCOFFS) Yeah. right.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
And come on. then.
What's your story?
(CLEARS THROAT)
I'm Caliber.
I'm just good at hurting people.
That's all.
(CHORTLES)
Fair enough.
(SIGHS)
Last but not least. our. uh.
fluffy-toed friend here.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Uh. I've got
the basic intern skills.
uh. great night vision.
acute hearing.
What I'm really good at
is money.
Making it.
understanding how it works.
And they put me
with a Russian attaché
working in Philadelphia
who loved to gamble.
I shut 'em out
to play the stock market.
You worked for Russians?
It's where they placed me.
Uh. my handler said
I look Russian.
You guys think I look Russian?
Not in those slippers.
(CHUCKLES)
You look stupid.
(GIRLS CHUCKLE)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(TRAFFIC WHIZZING)
(ACOUSTIC FOLK MUSIC
PLAYS IN DISTANCE)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey big man. Let's see a menu.
Ooh!
How you doing. folks?
(GROANS) There we go.
(FOLK MUSIC STOPS PLAYING)
Am I... sitting
in the wrong position?
Kitchen is closed.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
It kind of looks open to me.
Nah. it's close to you.
Damn. that sucks.
You know what? Fuck that.
I'm actually here to see Vlad.
There is no Vlad here.
In a place like this...
there's always a Vlad.
And you know
who I'm talking about.
Now go back
to where you came from.
(GROANS. CHOKES)
(COUGHS)
Now. tell Vlad to call me.
all right?
When you can talk again.
I can guarantee you
he's gonna wanna talk to me.
Bye.
(COUGHS)
NELSON: Oh. no.
you guys keep eating.
Sit down. I'm going.
(CHOKING CONTINUES)
Excuse me.
(WHISTLES) Hey. taxi!
Taxi! I got it.
Fuck.
I'm going to--
Cab's taken. What the--
(GUN COCKS)
ARMED MAN:
I have message for you.
What's the message?
Tonight is a good night
for you to curl up.
with a good book
next to fireplace.
I don't have a fireplace.
Perhaps you should make pretend
to turn on the stove.
Go home.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
Open the door!
Open the door
and leave the keys. Get out.
I said... "Get out!"
Thank you.
(PHONE BEEPS)
(LINE RINGING)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Yes.
Looks like Ms. Dalton
has brought Nelson Jameson in
to help her.
Do you have a problem with that?
The son of a bitch hit me.
Well. there are those
who might say you had it coming.
I know you two
don't like each other.
Play nice.
We're on the same side. here.
All right.
(PHONE BEEPS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ELECTRONIC BEEP)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
Morning.
Hi.
RENEE: Hi.
Morning. (CLEARS THROAT)
How did you sleep?
(SIGHS) Like I was drugged.
ANALYST:
That tea knocked me out.
I don't even remember
breathing last night.
Yeah.
We lucky we woke up.
Thought everybody
could use some sleep.
It was valerian root. guys.
not sleeping pills.
It's totally natural
and harmless.
Come on. y'all woke up.
Little dramatic. No?
All right. Um. listen.
the other day I stole this list
from the FSB headquarters
in Moscow.
It's a list of all the interns.
You wouldn't believe
what I went through to get it.
Where are the other interns?
(PUFFING)
Don't know. Uh.
I reached out to everybody else
on that list. You guys were
the only ones who showed up.
so we might be all that's left
of the Internship.
"Trafalgar nine."
What the hell is that?
What is any of this?
That's what we're trying
to figure out.
What?
That number at the bottom...
3-2-7-0-0-0-9-5-6.
could be a routing number
for a bank.
Okay.
And how do you know that?
Like I said. good with money.
Plus. I know
seven different ways
to kill with my thumbs.
APOTHECARY:
So. the dollar amount.
they could be going
to some sort of slush fund
or something?
Maybe? It's not that much money.
In what world
is that not a lot of money?
Yeah. man. that's more
than a million dollars.
One million. two hundred
and seventy-seven thousand.
one hundred
and eighty-eight dollars.
to be exact.
But he's right. though.
It's actually not
a lot of money.
especially if you're the CIA
and have access
to unlimited funds.
Exactly.
Can you check
the routing number. please?
RUBICON: Sure.
(KEYBOARD KEYS CLACKING)
RUBICON: 3-2-7-0-0-0-9-5-6.
It's for United First Bank
in New York City.
Yeah. New York.
Then. that's where we're going.
APOTHECARY: Let's go.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALARM BLARING OVER LAPTOP)
Who do you think they are?
They don't look friendly.
SWAT team.
I better put on some shoes.
Mine's the biggest.
Of course it is.
The bigger the gun.
the smaller the--
Hey. come on.
We have to be out front
in two minutes.
Meet me out there.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
VLAD: Stop.
(MUSIC FADES OUT)
Nelson.
my old friend.
Vlad.
So. we're friends now. Are we?
The last time I saw you.
you had a knife on my throat
and you were trying
to kill me. Remember?
You were trying to kill me.
I no take personal.
Me neither.
VLAD: I thought you were out.
NELSON:
Well. you know how it goes.
You're never really out.
Somebody asked me
to do them a favor.
so here I am.
Funny you should mention favor.
I did you a favor.
I let you live.
Oh. you let me live?
I remember it differently.
VLAD:
Remember it however you want.
No more favor.
I have my order.
Do what you gotta do. friend.
(PHONE BEEPS)
(GROANS. CHOKES)
Tell Vlad to call me.
(PHONE BEEPS)
Game on.
We split up.
Attack from both side.
Okay. go. go. go. go.
I put our van
at the end of the trail.
so if any of us get separated.
that's where we're meeting up.
They're coming at us
from the east and the west.
so obviously we're going north.
This right here. this paint. uh.
marks the trail
that's very difficult to follow.
So. you're gonna take the lead.
Yes. ma'am.
CALIBER: Hey.
RENEE: What?
How come he gets to take
the lead?
Because I need you with me
in the back to take up the rear.
Shit's about to get heavy.
How heavy?
Very.
I can do that.
See. sometimes bigger is better.
Like you would know.
We head out to the snow.
We flank them.
Da.
Get ready.
Twelve o'clock.
Got it.
(GUNSHOT ECHOES)
Who was that?
I don't know.
Come on.
Okay.
Let's get this van cleared.
(GRUNTS)
(SUCCESSIVE GUNSHOTS)
(TENSE. UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey.
(GRUNTS)
RENEE: Let's go.
(GRUNTS) What the fuck?
Keep pressure on that. big boy.
Ah. karma. It's a funny thing.
(CALIBER PANTS)
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(IN RUSSIAN)
(IN ENGLISH) Time to go.
How did the Americans
find us? (PANTS)
Idiot.
You couldn't leave
well enough alone.
could you. Nelson?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SIGHS)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Yeah.
CHIEF: Give me an update.
Yeah. the whole place is a mess.
Somehow the Russians got to
the interns before we did.
Well. this confirms
your mole theory.
CHIEF: Back channel chatter
also confirms that.
Supposedly code name. Phantom.
And Catalyst. and the others
don't know they're compromised.
They're walking right into
a shit show.
Listen. you find Catalyst.
you find the interns
and you find the mole.
Unless the Russians
find them first.
(PHONE BEEPS OFF)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(PHONE BEEPS)
Hey.
The only thing I've got for her
is an address on the dark web.
All the interns have them.
I'm sending it to you now.
I'll reach out.
Bye.
(PHONE BEEPS)
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
CALIBER: What is that?
Just enough Demerol
to take the edge off.
(GRUNTS)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(CHUCKLES) I love you.
(SIGHS)
I told you that would happen.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
RUBICON: What is it?
RENEE: "A friend."
At least that's what
they're calling themselves.
Hmm.
Any idea who it could be?
No. but there was someone
on the ridge backing us up.
Do you think he's a friend?
I don't know what I think.
Let's find out.
(PHONE VIBRATES. BEEPS)
Ah.
Hello.
Who are you?
I'm an ally.
How can we trust you?
NELSON: Well.
do you really have
any other options?
(SOFT SIGH)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Hi.
What's your game?
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
My name is Nelson Beatty.
You CIA?
No. not anymore.
Unceremoniously retired
several years ago.
Why?
(NELSON GROANS)
I knocked out my boss.
(GRUNTS)
Trust me. He deserved it.
Great. Well. one point for you.
NELSON: Thank you.
But. um. I just don't get why.
if you got kicked out.
why did they send you?
They didn't send me.
Your mother did.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah.
I don't have a mother.
Why? Were you cloned in a lab?
Every living being has a mother.
RENEE: Yeah. No.
Obviously biologically.
but whoever my mother was.
I never met her.
I was raised by the Internship.
(EXHALES SHARPLY) I was briefed.
Your mother was 17
when she got pregnant.
her family kicked her out.
She had no home. no money.
She was desperate.
She gave you up for adoption
and she joined the military.
She was guaranteed
somewhere to sleep.
something to eat.
She discovered
she was quite good at it.
So. she was recruited
to the CIA.
Now. her mission
is to bring you in.
And she reached out to you why?
Okay. yeah. Okay.
The two of you.
Got it. I get it. (CHUCKLES)
You don't get shit. kid.
What you should get is the CIA
once you're brought in alive.
The Russians want to kill you
as you've just witnessed.
So. how'd you find me?
I put a tracker
on one of the Russians.
And to answer
your next question.
I don't know how they found you.
Is there a mole in my team?
NELSON: There could be.
Now the Russian
that is hunting you.
his name is Vlad Korchenkov.
He's very good.
He would've found you
on his own.
All right. great.
So. uh. what do you think
I should do?
I propose you're gonna meet
your mother.
I'll take you to her.
If you're uncomfortable.
then you walk away.
All right. Set it up.
Okay.
But if you're lying to me.
you're a dead man.
Let's try and avoid that.
shall we?
Let's go meet your mom.
RENEE: Great. Park your car.
We're taking ours.
Yes. ma'am.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Show him.
(NELSON CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
So. you're planning
to rob a bank?
Not quite.
Thank you.
(CLEARS THROAT)
So. that's the list I retrieved
from the FSB headquarters
in Moscow.
And that is a routing number
for the First Union Bank.
We think they're the coordinates
to the New York City branch.
Analyst figured it out.
Nicely done.
It was nothing. (CHUCKLES)
That last bit. Trafalgar nine.
what's that?
We were hoping that you
could tell us that. actually.
No. I can't.
Your guess is as good as mine.
(CHUCKLES) There you go.
RUBICON: We're here.
Hi. Mom.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
How am I supposed to know
you are who you say you are.
You don't.
But whether I'm your mom or not.
I still gotta keep you safe.
Safe?
With all due respect. lady.
you need to keep
the world safe from us.
You think I don't know that.
All right. so. what now?
What's he doing here?
I... I don't know.
My name's Dick Jones.
I'm deputy director
of operations. CIA.
I have orders
to bring the assets in.
Assets?
We're not going anywhere.
DICK: Get your people in line.
Catalyst.
We're here to help you.
"My people." huh?
Now get this. mister.
we are nobody's people. okay?
(CHUCKLES) Really?
Then what are you?
We're interns.
(DAGGER GROANS)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
RENEE: Cover me!
Shit.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Go. go. go. go. Come on.
Don't let them get away!
RENEE: Drive!
Get in the car! Get in!
DICK: Do not let them get away.
There! Look out.
Watch out. watch out!
Coming through!
Goddammit!
What the bloody hell was that?
(VLAD GROANS)
NELSON: Uh-uh.
You die before you touch that.
Why are you hunting the interns?
Question is.
who can you trust. huh?
Now my question is.
how'd you know
where we were gonna meet?
I'm calling this in!
(PHONE RINGS)
(SIGHS)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(PHONE BEEPS)
Yes.
JANICE:
Your deputy director shows up
and starts shooting at the kids.
Who started the shooting?
A sniper shot came from nearby.
Was the shooter
working with Dick Jones?
I don't think so.
He seemed as surprised
as everyone else.
And yet he was trying
to kill the interns?
Definitely.
I'm coming to your location.
Stay put.
Someone set us up. Was it you?
I'm not gonna dignify that
with an answer. agent.
I can make this
real hard on you. Vlad.
Answer me.
(VLAD CHUCKLES)
You Americans.
you have no idea what hard is.
Constrained
by the legal niceties
that you place
so much value upon.
I wouldn't.
(VLAD GROANS)
(GASPS)
(SHARP EXHALE)
APOTHECARY:
Let me see your wound.
Get off! I'm fine.
We can't trust anyone anymore.
We need to get to the city
and we need to get to the bank.
(SIGHS) But there's something
we ought to deal with first.
What's that?
Someone here is a mole.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
That sniper shot
came from a Russian agent.
Twice now. he's found us. Twice.
Once. Yeah. sure.
Maybe the guy's good. but twice?
Nobody's that good.
Exactly.
Everyone. get out of the van.
Could be any one of you.
Rubicon. I think
it's really convenient
your car explodes
right after you get out.
Of all this lot.
you're accusing me?
Have you fallen out
of your tree or something?
Apothecary. you knocked
everyone out with your tea.
My own blend. everyone.
Who were you calling
that night?
I got it. Yeah. I understand.
What are you talking about?
I didn't call anyone.
Dagger.
Why are you always texting?
Hi.
Who are you texting?
I'm not texting.
I'm playing video games.
Analyst. what about
your Russian connection?
They put me with a Russian
attaché working in Philadelphia
who loved to gamble.
(IN RUSSIAN)
(IN ENGLISH) That is bullshit.
It wasn't my choice
where they place me--
And Caliber... you seemed
real interested
in what was in my bag.
I thought it was mine.
They are both identical.
Renee. I saved your life.
How could you even--
Identical?
They're completely different.
How could you even accuse me...
You know what...
I don't even...
(INDISTINCT ARGUING)
What the hell does drug dealing
have to do with being
a mole?
(GUN CLICKS)
RENEE: (SCREAMS) Hey!
(ARGUING STOPS)
Take your phones out.
unlock them and give them to me.
What?
Do it now.
RUBICON: It's bloody ridiculous.
RENEE: Come on. give 'em here.
DAGGER: What's going on?
Man. how you gonna
lock me up with him. man?
(KEYPAD TONE CHIMES)
(SIGHS)
"Meeting at an Airbnb
in upstate New York."
"I'm here. "Blocking
these coordinates."
"Meeting Catalyst's mom."
"Sending location."
(TENSE MUSIC STARTS)
Rubicon's the mole?
Nope.
It's yours.
Those aren't my messages.
(GRUNTS. WHIMPERS)
Shut up.
Where'd you grow up?
And remember. I'm the one
who's seen your file.
I grew up in Moscow.
The attaché I was assigned
took me to Russia.
So how long you been working
for the Russians?
I'm not.
The guy was a rat.
How did Vlad find us?
I never even heard
that guy's name till he said it.
Stop lying!
I'm telling the truth.
What do the Russians have
planned?
I don't know.
Maybe it was. uh--
CALIBER: It was you.
I knew it. You are the traitor.
You're the mole!
(GUN COCKS)
(GRUNTS)
RENEE: What was that for?!
(TENSE MUSIC STOPS)
Guy's a fucking rat!
Oh my...
CALIBER:
He was obviously lying.
Yeah. We needed intel from him.
Renee. he ran.
You idiot.
(CATALYST LAUGHS)
He was still one of us. (SCOFFS)
You know what? Now. he's not.
Well. let's get rid of him.
Great.
Come on.
Moron.
You're digging the hole.
DAGGER: Imbécile.
(METAL SCRAPING)
RUBICON: So. what's next?
RENEE: Next?
Gonna take a family trip
to the bank.
Hmm.
(CONTINUOUS METAL SCRAPING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(TRAFFIC WHIZZING)
(SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE)
RUBICON: This should be it.
DAGGER: Check it out.
Excuse me.
Um. did this used to be a bank?
I don't know about
any banks here. dude.
This place has been here
for a couple of years.
Okay. Are you sure. though?
I've been working here
since it started.
I think it was a bar
before this.
Hasn't been a bank
for several years.
I'll take a small black coffee.
You mean a short? (CHUCKLES)
I mean a small.
Thank you. Um. does the phrase
"Trafalgar nine"
mean anything to you?
Excuse me.
"Trafalgar nine." like.
I dunno maybe a store
on the street or something?
A store?
Not that I can remember.
Do you mean
the old phone exchange?
Although I don't know
what a phone exchange is.
God. am I really that old?
Once upon a time.
before area codes.
all phone numbers used words
to represent the first
two numbers on the dial.
So. Trafalgar stood for "TR."
BT was an eight.
and the R would've been seven.
So. Trafalgar nine
meant the prefix was 8. 7. 9.
But we didn't use that exchange
in this neighborhood.
Do you know where they did?
Not sure.
There was another branch of the
bank uptown. maybe that's it.
Okay. Thank you.
RENEE: Yeah.
This is where the other branch
of the bank was located.
Yeah. except it looks like
it's been closed for years.
How many?
Uh. ten years. to be exact.
Ten years and nobody
ain't been there since.
I'm not so sure about that.
It's a schematic drawing
of the city block.
Yeah. That's where
the travel agency was located.
And you found all that online.
Everything's online. bro.
What planet
have you been living on?
Okay. so let me guess.
There is like a secret basement
where they're doing
something terrible.
(CHUCKLES) Well. not according
to the schematic.
but what is interesting is...
(TENSE TONE)
...this building pays a massive
electricity bill every month.
Then we're in the right place.
Wait.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Something's not right.
You guys feel that?
Yeah.
We're being watched.
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
All right. Well. um.
whatever's in there is probably
what we've been looking for.
So. I don't know about y'all.
but I'm going.
Well it's like you said.
"We're interns."
Hell. yeah.
(IMITATES CRASH)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
RENEE: Thanks.
RENEE:
We're still being watched.
I've got an idea.
Do it.
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING. CHIRPING)
(RAPID KEYBOARD CLACKING)
(CHUCKLES)
(SYSTEM POWERS DOWN)
What's happening?
All right. let's fix it.
(ELECTRONIC DISTORTION)
I don't think I'll ever
get bored of doing that.
According to this
old architect's drawing.
there should be
a staircase right...
(KNOCKING ON WALL)
...there.
Yo.
Suit up.
(BLADE CLINKS)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(LOCK CLICKS)
(SUSPENSEFUL TONE)
Hey.
(FRANTIC KEYSTROKES)
(ELECTRONIC CHIMING)
They should really upgrade
that security system.
Here we go.
(SOFTLY BEEPS)
There's only one place
they can go.
Just let 'em find
what they're looking for.
Hmm.
They're not trying
to keep anybody out.
Yeah. No.
It's designed to keep people in.
(KNOCKS)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYS)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
Interns.
Motherfuckers.
You shouldn't have come.
Nap time.
RENEE: Hey. hey.
don't breathe!
Cover your mouths.
(ALL COUGHING)
(SUCTION FAN WHOOSHING)
(WHOOSHING SUBSIDES)
Well. that was--
(GUN COCKS)
Easy.
(APOTHECARY COUGHS)
(DAGGER GROANS)
I didn't know that that was
part of your training back then.
My handler thought
it'd come in handy one day.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
HANDLER: (ECHOING)
If you breathe. you die.
Who are you people?
We're CIA. just like you.
We're not CIA
and neither are you.
The company doesn't know
what you're doing now. does it?
No. not quite.
But I am making
this country a safer place.
You see. there's always
that one person
throughout history and time who
sees things that others don't.
We created
a new breed of intern.
It's infinitely better
than the old program.
Unlike you lot.
this batch is next generation
raised together.
not individually.
All of your strengths
and none of your... flaws.
Byrne was brilliant.
but we've taken his idea
to the next level
and they will protect
this country.
Tell 'em to drop their weapons.
No. no. I'm not just
handing over the assets.
They're children.
No. they're not. You of all
people should know that.
They're interns.
You're deranged.
Mm.
Be smart.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
(BODY THUDS)
Thanks. Mom.
Don't mention it.
Aw.
Hmm.
Where's Dick?
Where's Nelson?
Stop.
Drop it. Dick. Drop it.
(DICK HUFFS. GROANS)
NELSON: Thank you.
D'you miss me?
DICK: So what?
Were you just gonna
shoot me now?
Okay.
(NELSON EXHALES SHARPLY)
Let's finish what we started.
Huh?
Let's go.
You're so fucking predicta--
(BOTH GROANING)
(GRUNTS)
(GUN THUDS)
(BOTH GROANING)
(NELSON STRAINS)
(DICK PANTING)
(GROANING)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING. PANTING)
You would just love
to kill me. wouldn't you?
(GROANING)
NELSON: No.
I'd rather you rot in prison.
Now. get up.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(GROANS)
(PANTS)
I guess you were right.
I did wanna kill you.
Dumb fuck.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
CRYSTAL: Yeah.
that's what I'm saying.
Yeah. that's what I'm saying.
None of these kids exist.
Agent Dalton. I'm putting you
in charge to clean this mess up.
Take care of the kids.
and see to it that our program
is kept under our supervision.
Then we'll see where
we go from here. Right?
I want Nelson
to work with me. sir.
If he wants to.
Yeah.
It's okay with me.
And my daughter.
I want her by my side
every step of the way
working with these kids.
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
No one will understand
them better than she will.
(SIGHS)
Uh. yeah. Um...
If I'm gonna agree to this.
I have some demands of my own.
Firstly. they're gonna
live normal lives.
They're gonna have birthday
parties and watch TV.
Not get tortured.
No. no. no. no. no torture.
And I have no problem
with birthday parties
or TV. (CHUCKLES)
In fact. let 'em go
ahead on dates.
Well. we can save the dates
for when they're teenagers.
but yeah.
CHIEF: Fine.
Do we have a deal?
Yeah.
CHIEF: Great. So. Agent.
she reports into you
and you report to me.
Are we good on that?
Yes. sir. Thank you. sir.
CHIEF: Good. well done.
Okay. fellas. let's get
these bodies outta here.
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey...
look. I know this isn't gonna
happen overnight.
We got a lot of years
to make up for. right?
But I just want you
to be patient and
give me a chance.
One step at a time.
And everything we do
with these kids. we do together
if... if you want.
I'd like that.
Hmm. What do we do next?
I mean. I'm sure there's
a position for everybody.
I mean. after all.
we're interns.
We're family.
Hell. yeah.
That's for sure.
APOTHECARY: Hands here.
Everybody. interns on three.
RENEE: Uh. no. Let's not.
APOTHECARY: One--
It could be
a cute moment. though.
Yeah.
I think we should...
It passed. The moment passed.
(MUSIC FADES OUT)
You did well. Phantom.
I knew we could rely on you.
Oh. some things
are a long time in the making.
but you showed great patience.
Let me tell you that
your country is proud of you.
I wish I could spend longer.
but we don't have time.
I just want to say now.
I wish you much success
in your new position.
(IN RUSSIAN)
(SIGHS)
JANICE:
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(IN ENGLISH) It's best
that you speak English.
Not Russian all the time.
I promise you. we will
take care of your daughter.
and enroll her
in the Internship.
(BABY RENEE COOS)
Speak English.
Take her to the Internship.
They're waiting for her.
Yes. sir.
You will learn to feel no pain.
Tears are for the weak.
Two more minutes.
(IN RUSSIAN)
(IN ENGLISH) Never let them
see you feel pain.
Don't show them what
you're thinking or feeling.
Remember everything I told you.
You are strong.
And I promise that I will
always find a way to see you.
(IN RUSSIAN)
(WHIMPERS. SMOOCHES)
(IN ENGLISH)
Well done. daughter.
Well done. (SIGHS)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
(IN RUSSIAN)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(GUNSHOT)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(INAUDIBLE)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today